we see dracula at the start of the movie
who is a romanian prince from abel's
ancestry war preparations were being
done there so that they could keep the
turks away from their natives place
dracula assigns his wife the duties of a
leader until he returns home as he
returns from the war dracula observes
that his advisors have killed his wife
and they were also planning to kill
dracula he comes in rage and kills all
the advisors except one he was
considering that the advisor is still
loyal to him dracula gets cursed because
of murdering many people and now he will
have to spend the rest of his life alone
now many centuries later a group is seen
in a forest who had reached there in
search of a lightbringer weapon
lightbringer is the only weapon that
could kill dracula they find the
lightbringer in the forest and the group
leader asked two girls to take the
lightbringer out of the forest because
they were considering the forest
condition was not good as both girls
esme and aelina leaves the group gets
attacked by dracula's men the guard of
dracula named wrath also attacked them
and brings them to dracula making them
captives on the other side aelina and
are the strange noises from the forest
while crossing it their horses gallops
falling them down and esme loses her
consciousness some robbers attack them
as esme restores her senses robber's
leader was lucien they grabbed that
lightbringer from the girls and take
them away along with them now leonardo
the group leader of esme and elena who
had survived by wrath reaches there
while searching them he shouts on both
of them here and we see that the
dracula's guard wrath again reaches
there to attack them the fight begins
among them and many robbers get killed
wrath abducts alieneth and takes him to
his master dracula as dracula sees it
lena he gets astonished because she was
resembling her wife dracula instructs
his advisor to take her away and take
extreme care of her on the other side we
see lucian with s me and leonardo who
had started to have feelings for elena
now they were searching for dracula to
rescue helena and am in doing so it
becomes morning contrarily we see
dracula talking to his advisor and
entering a room where there was a coffin
he goes to the coffin and lies inside it
it is perhaps the outcome of that curse
that was told at the start of the movie
alina wakes up and fear as dracula lies
down in the coffin and she begins to
gaze at that room where she had been
kept as elena comes out of the room
gazing at it she hears some noises from
another room now alien enters the room
from where she was hearing noises and
there she meets the advisor of dracula
she starts conversing with him and tells
him that it is incredible for her that
her heard storied and childhood are
based on truth then dracula's advisor
takes her to another room and as he was
bandaging her wounds she says that your
leader is not a human but a satan and he
should die listening to this that
advisor casts a weird gaze on her scene
shifts to luchine as me and leonardo
where they were trying to use
lightbringer they were trying to
activate lightbringer but to noahvel
meanwhile leonardo makes a cut on
lucian's hand and pours his blood drops
on lightbringer surprisingly
lightbringer immediately activates now
lenorado tells them about the powers of
lightbringer he tells if the blood drops
of a vampire or poured on lightbringer
then this weapon can resurrect a dead
man now we see elena again who was
trying to escape but she comes across a
girl on the way who leads her to a
dining hall where a function was being
celebrated she tells her that we enjoy
ourselves here a lot and you also enjoy
with us suddenly elena gets unconscious
and now they all lie elena on a table
actually they all were vampires and they
have created this trap to suck elena's
blood as one of them was about to bite
her dracula quickly reaches there and
saves her he gets angry at his advisor
too because he was given the
responsibility to take care of her later
we see lucinesme and leonardo at a
gathering of demon hunters it means they
are the people who kill the devils there
they meet a giant hunter named andros
who tells them that he has been
searching for dracula for the last many
years because dracula's men had abducted
his sister many years ago and from that
day he is still searching for his sister
here it is also revealed that andros is
an axe hunter which means he kills
devils using his axe the aim of andro
and leonardo's groups was the same so
android joins them now leonardo tells
them that how vampire makes people drink
his blood and after drinking either the
person dies or lives an everlasting life
like dracula elena sees dracula making a
girl drinks his blood and runs from
there she reaches the same room where
dracula's coffin was placed in which he
lies aliena finds that coffin so
mysterious and at the same time dracula
also arrives there now elena tells him
that if you are here to kill me then
kill me but dracula overlooks her words
while laughing he puts his wife's old
necklace on her neck and seeing it he
starts to recall his past after this we
see lucian leonardo and that's me and at
the same time dracula's guard wrath
attacks them andros kills all his men
using his axe meanwhile lucian activates
lightbringer and as rat was about to
kill andros lucian immediately stabs
raph with the lightbringer dracula also
feels pain as he stabs wrath here rath
falls down and he's brought to dracula
dracula was enraged seeing wrath he
bites himself and pours his blood drops
on wrath which revives him alien and her
sleep c dream that dracula is very
affectionate and caring she also dreams
that how his wife had been killed she
gets frightened in her dream and wakes
up now dracula approaches there and he
takes her outside where they talk with
each other under the attractive starry
sky dracula also tells aelina that how
is he searching for his lost love later
we see leonardo's group who we're
planning then wrath again approaches
them and they are left astonished seeing
wrath alive because they had killed
wrath using the lightbringer here we see
elena and dracula dancing and rejoicing
suddenly his advisor approaches and
tells him that we have witnessed a group
heading in this direction hearing it
elena instantly utters the name of
lucian dracula glimpses aelina
surprisingly and asked do you know about
lucian she tells him that lucian had
abducted them so he must be proceeding
here in search of her and her sister
dracula relaxes her saying don't take
the stress many people have tried to
search out this place before but they
could not succeed here dracula feels
that alien has affections for lucien and
when he asks her about her feelings she
gets up and leaves from there now
leonardo's group comes on the scene
again who have succeeded to reach there
with the help of lightbringer we see
that the battle breaks out as they enter
the castle and leonardo begins to kill
everyone with the help of his crossbow
at last he reaches dracula's guard wrath
where rat defeats leonardo on the other
side we see lucian approaches aelina
with great difficulty alienae is very
pleased and surprised finding him in her
room now leonardo is presented before
dracula where he orders his advisor to
kill leonardo and his advisor calls all
the vampires there to kill leonardo
meanwhile we see that esme and andros
reach there while searching for leonardo
here andros finds his sister seeing her
he is very pleased and he begins to move
there as esme forbids him from the
backside but he does not stop because
his sister was also calling him towards
her when he was about to embrace her she
tried to bite him but esme notices and
attacks her and andro survives now
due to noise the rest of the vampires
also wakes up and start attacking esme
but andros kills all with his axe now
leonardo damages the ceiling with his
crossbow to create a fleeing path for
his group as they have to leave this
place in the daylight after doing this
leonardo turns into dust and leaves this
world after this all moved to the
upstairs room to get out of the building
and we see dracula waking up in his
coffin meanwhile wrath comes after them
who is then killed by andros as andros
kills wrath dracula also feels
unbearable pain but he was not able to
come out of the coffin because of the
daytime as the evening arrives he
instantly reaches that place coming out
of his coffin dracula becomes so angry
witnessing the remains of his guard
wrath then he sees the necklace which
belonged to his wife but it had been
given to elena he gets furious seeing
the necklace and he screams loudly after
this we see lucien and his group
gathered all demon hunters to kill the
vampires now they all charge dracula's
castle and dracula also orders all
vampires to finish them now the battle
starts between two groups and as a
vampire was about to kill elena she asks
draculas help and when dracula
approaches and hold elena his advisor
stabs him on his back with lipinger when
dracula was dean his advisor reveals
that he is the one who actually murdered
his wife many years ago lucian who had
been wounded by dracula immediately
throws a knife to esme esme throws the
knife on the advisor's neck and aelina
stabs it in consequently he dies
now andros approaches dracula and was
about to kill him when lucian stops him
because he had known that aliena likes
dracula now elena helps dracula to get
up and takes him to his coffin she
pleads him to resurrect himself but he
does not agree with her and sleeps
forever in his coffin aelina will
eventually wait for him staying there in
the end esma leaves with andros and
lucian moves on his way with a broken
heart thanks for watching i hope you
liked the video please don't forget to
give a thumbs up and subscribe now for
more interesting movie explanations